Now that you're more familiar with the data,
you might have come up with some questions that you are interested in answering.
This strategy is one of two ways to arrive at questions of interests.
Alternatively, you might not have any data,
but you might have questions that are particularly interesting,
in which case, you will want to collect the necessary data,
to be able to answer those questions.
Here, were some that I came up with,
as we were looking through the data.
First, what do those employed in industry suggest to help others enter the field?
Second, what does the data suggest about boot camp grads,
in terms of job placement and salary?
Third, what are the aspects of an individual,
that best correlate to salary?
How well can we predict salary,
using the other columns in the dataset?
And finally, what factors are most related to having high job satisfaction?
We can then move these questions into the data.
This first means that we'll need to take a closer look at the cousin education column.
The second question uses the time after boot camp column and the salary column.
Though we might need to control for
other information that's available throughout the dataset,
like years of experience or programming languages.
The third and final questions might use any or all of the columns in the dataset.
We will need to find a way to compare many of the columns in the dataset to one another.
If you think you know how you might answer these questions,
feel free to tackle them on your own.
I'll show you my approach using the crispy-M process in the sections that follow.